Okay, the other one is very similar, and
it handles what might go wrong
when you try to load some data.
And that's an error boundary or
an error file.
So, suspense and error work very similar.
The error boundaries as in
nothing can escape them.
So if you wrap something in them,
then whatever the subject that you're
wrapping, it's bound to that context.
So the error boundary works the same.
You can think of it as a try-catch for
a component.
You can like, I wanna try-catch this
component and if something happens,
show this component, right?
And that's what the error boundary does.
So we could do the same thing.
So if I go into this slug here and
I say new file, I say error.tsx and
I want to show an error exports default
function post error like this
return oops something like that,
all right go back to our page here.
We'll use the delay that I actually
exported, got our delay and
then you know before I got to
render I don't know I'll just.
Oops, threw an error.
Something like that.
So I could throw an error here
before the rendering happens and
it should show this page in place
of what should have been this page.
Actually what we can do is let's just
try it not inside of this dynamic
segment we could just try it here it
might just be better honestly we'll just
say error TSX here on a route for
the index page.
That's probably a better look.
I bet that's something to
do with the way that it's
working with the dynamic bits there.
So we'll put an error here.
So we'll do that and
then I'll go into the page and
then inside of here we can
try to throw an error.
Let's see what happens?
Hey there we go so
it worked here yeah it's something to
do with that dynamic path segment.
It's I'm pretty sure it's a bug, so
you can see it's storing our error
page instead, which is just, oops.
But everything else still rendered,
which is in this case just a layout
because we're in the page.
So the only thing renders
above this is a layout.
So pretty powerful stuff.
The equivalent Is writing your own
error boundary, which looks exactly
like the suspense boundary, but
it's literally just called error boundary.
So I'm not gonna write it because
that's a whole other example.
But I think you get the point and that's
if you have it as a server component
not as a page that you import it in and
you want to wrap it in error boundary,
you would do that.
>> Would you be able to access like
information about the error within like
the error dot TSX file, like maybe
like telnet telemetry purposes or
something like that?
>> Yeah, you don't know what the proper
name is here, but it might be error.
Let's see I'm in a raw file
here to go to this one.
That was messed up.
But now,
we're in a regular error boundary.
Yes, you have access to the entire error.
You can show the message.
You can do whatever you want there.
It totally works.
So let's see if they
actually pass that on as
the page here actually
ever tested this part.
Yeah it is.
So it's an object.
So we probably like error dot message.
And then, yeah, there it is.
So yeah, you get access to it pretty cool.